THE EGYPTIAN QAZBTTB, THTTR8DAY, JUNE 15, 1905.
ROYAL WEDDING.
THE GARDEN PARTY. DESCRIPTION OF CEREMONY.
vn
KHEDIVE PRESENT.
Better's TELEGRAM).	j
Lomduk, June 14.
u-ial). King Kdward has appointed the
... of .Sweden and Norway British Admiral, t -.ud-or Castle is thronged with guest* for v:.! wedding to morrow. Their Majesties , .moat brilliant garden party to-day. neather was superb and there were six <unl present.
(Rei ter’s I'ixeuhax .
Londox, June 14.
ihe Khedive travelled to Windsor with the ! :ke and Duchess ot Connaught and the bridal
. j pie, to attend the wedding.
From oca CotuiiiroHDniT).
Windsor, Thursday, 1p.m.
. .. marriage of Prince Gustavos Adolphus • den and Norway, and Princess Margaret :.uatight took plaoe to-day in 8t George s .pel, Windsor Castle, at half-past twelvo i. The Arehhisbop of Canterbury udi-risted.
there were three Sute -carriage procee-. from Windsor Castle to the west door ,Sr. George's Chapel, in the Horseshoe i .tors. First, the bridegroom and bis sup-j ---- second, the King and yocen with « u.imber. of the K- yal Family and the i, >a. guests from the Continent; third, the bride and the Duko of Conuanght, who gave her away.
The members of the Corps Diplomatique ami the Ministers who were invited, and jlto othor guest* from London, left'Pad-dug ton by special train at 10.45, and on arriving ajJIUtidiur thoy proceedo<i to tbo west «i M l cryiwt George s Cha|«l, and thonee i, the	the Gentlemen l'-hors were
in atteiiSBP’to show the company to their
Alter' tho ceremony the bride and bridegroom and tbo Royal party returned at ouoe to the Castle, where the marriage register wa* signed iu the White Drawiugroom before the di'jeuner in tho State dining room. The general company ot guest* proceeded to the Castle from tho Chapel for luncheon, which is now being served ui St. George's Hall.
The Khedive war present and looked in the beitol health. Ilia Highness was attended by 'Uky Pasha, Cbetik Pasha, ami tho newly appointed Knglisb side de camp, Major Watson.
Among others present were the bridegroom's mother, the Crown Princess of Sweden, attended by Countess Loewouhaupt and Mme. Bull, l'm.cess Margaret was atteuded by Baroness Fsisunberg and Mme. Wedell-Jarlsberg.
1	he City of Christiania has decidod to give a valuable wedding present to Prince Gustavos Adolphus of Sweden and Norway and Prinoeas Margaret ot Connaught. A committee of pro mineut Norwegians, including M. Micholsen, Minister of Customs and Finance, and Dr. N'aiuen, has been formed lor the purpose of discussing what form tho gift shall take. Christiania's present will be handed to the young couple on their tint visit to Norway.
LOCAL AND GENERAL
A Firs, which broke ont at Kafr Htssan Bey Hoeoy on the 11th inst, destroyed eight
“II GiormajJs."—This resuscitated Italian newspaper will make its first appearance in Cairo on July 1.
D.C.L t on ms Stiiiia it —The University of Oxford has decided to best--w the degree o. D.C.L, honoris rauia, on Sir Reginald Wingate.
Thb Camilleri Casc is still oooopying tbe attention of the British Consular Court Alexandria. Judgment bad tot been given as
Delta Lajh> ami» Isvrstmeht Co. — This oompany* new issue of 100,000 shares at a premium of £1 has been fully subscribed for in Egypt and England.
Stray and Owhirlksm Dona found in the Saida Zeynab quarter of Cairo during tomorrow night and at daylight on Saturday will be poisoned by the police.
New Lasd Company — A native content porary states that Lord Dormer has foundod a company with a capital of £250,000 for land development in the Sudan.
Delta Liqiit Railway Co.—Tho new issue of 193,(XX) shares at £12.10s. by the Egyptian Delta Light Railway Company, Limited, has been eutirely taken up by the shareholders.
Red Sea Liuutuoi>ei<.—Wo have to acknowledge with thanks tbe rocoipt of a parcel of magarinos from Mr. W, J B. Webb, for the English keepers of tho Red Sea lighthouses.
Dramatic Pkhiorma*' e — The Ernesto Rossi dramatic club are giving a performance of Giaooinotti's 4 act drama La Mori* ('Lil* tbe Kdou Theatre on Saturday next, at 9 p m.
iiLisii Sailor Drowned,—An English tu employo<i oti board tho British 8.8. 'Clio," iu Alexandria harbour, full overboard yesterday aud was drowned. His body has not boon recovered.
Late Trams.—Tbe Alexandria and Ratnloh Railway Company will run electric trams up to ?Tli o cluck to morrow morniug on the oooasion of tho ball at tho Hotel Beau Rivago tonight, which promises to bo a very brilliant affair.
Um Rrs —An application has boon made to tho Loudon Stock Exchange Committee to appoint a special settling day in “Um Rus Gold Minos of Egypt," further issue of 30,000 shares of £1 each, 5s. paid, Nos. 160,001 to 180,000.
Egyptian Irrigation Tryst*.—Tho Bank of England announce the numbers of 257 Four per cent. Egyptian Government Irrigation Trust Certificates wbioh have beeu drawn for redemption on July 1, 1905, when interest thereon will oeaso.
SUDAN MINES.
I ue licence of the 11th June, 1900, origi-tcaiiy granted by the Governor General of the -'ii iui to Mr. Archibald Knox Brown, and which subsequently became vested in the Egypt and Sudan Mining Syndicate, Limited, and the renewal thereof, dated tho 25th November, 1902, was, with the consent of tbe Governor General, assigued to the Sudan Gold Field, Limited, expired on the 31st Angnst, 1904.
Victoria Investment Corporation.
The licence of June 22ud, 1901, granted to the Victoria Investment Corporation, Limited, has been surrendered.
Sudan Gold Field, Ltd.
A prospecting liccnoe has been granted for » period of three years over the area lying between latitudo 22 and 2J aud longitude 32 aifplft 30. This is iu renewal of the licences cl too 11th Juue, 1900, and 25th November, 1302. The licence gives the Sudan Gold Pield, Limited, the right under Qprtoin conditions to - '.taiu a further extension over an area of 2,0' si hectares.
Sudan Mine*, Ltd.
A pi "-peeling licence has been grautod for period of four years over the area lying -tween latitude 22 and 20 and longitude 3G and the Red Sea Coast. 1 his is in substitution
oi	the licence of the 22nd June, 1901.
ESBEKIEH GARDENS-
By kind [«ermi**ion of Lieut- Colonel H. C. C'. tx, comm Hiding, aud officers 2nd Royal - mo-killing Fusiliers, the band will play tin following selection of music in the Eibekitli '■Ardens to-morrow (Priday) at 9 p.m.
Yesterday 's bulletin records a case at Alex andria and another at Damanhour. The victim at Alexandria is a Greek grocer's boy living
Safi r l’a-ht street, Qoumrouk kistn. He is ulcr tieatuieut at the Greok Hospital.
QUARANTINE IN CYPRUS.
A telegram from Nicosia states that arrivals Cyprus from Egypt are submitted to a medical inspection ami the disinfection of the effect* of deck psssengers.
THE COTTON WORM.
Aliiamiira - The performance tonight of the popular operetta Primary a Seafiyliata will be for the benefit of the charming prima-donna Signa. Ines Imbimbo, who deserves to have a bumper houso. Several additional attractions are on the programme for to-night
The Didot-Bottin. - Mr. A. Burke Honan, foreign inspector-general of the Didot-Bottin publishing oompany, has left Alexandria and entrusted the agency for the famous French directory to Mr. George A. Adib, SUmbool-street for Alexandria, the villages, and the Sudan.
Egyit is to be well represented in the forth-ciming new edition of the "Anglo-African Who’s Who,” and it is to be hoped that the legion of local notables will respond with alacrity to the editors’ demand for biographical items and send full and accurate details of their careen.
Suez Canal —22 vessels passed through the Canal on tbe 10th and 11th inst Of these 14 were British, 2 Italian, 1 German, 1 Austrian, 1 Spanish, 1 Norwegian, 1 Egyptian. Tbe receipts for the two days were frs. 557,336.41, making the total from 1st inst fre. 3,110,181.80.
SoiRfiK Noire Another entertainment of this description was given in the Nouveantla Theatre, Cairo, on Tuesday evening. We have already expressed our opinion on such perform-snees and therefore refrain from further criticism, but we trust that the authorities are taking rote of the frequency with which the) are held, and that we shall soon have no further teed to protest.
The Fibe at Cairo.—The amount of damage caused by the big fire in the Darb el-Ahraar district of Cairo, of which we gave a full account in our issue of the 13th inst, has been estimated at over £10,000, the printing establishment in wbioh the fire originated, suffering to the extent of £9,000. Two women were badly burnt whilst attempting to savr some of the oontonts of one boose, and the ojndition of one of then is serious,
the Khedive.
DATE OF LEAVING LONDON.
The Khedive is staying at Claridge’s Hotel for a few days. Aft'rwards his Highneet will be the guest of Sir Ernest Cassel.
The Khedive is expected to arrive at Divonne-lee Bains on the 25th inst. His High-uess wilt undergo his osnal "cure" there and will stay about six weeks in Switzerland. Prom Divonne tbe Khedive will go to Paris smd will take tbe Orient Express thence to Vienna.
Leva Thurneysson Pasha, Equerry to the Khedive, is leaving Alexandria to morrow by the Mevageries Maritimes S.8. "Senegal" for Marseilles, en rente Jo join tbe Khedive at Divonne.
Tho Khedive has bestowed tho following grader
Mintlamatz ■. Ismail Soliman ElMaoossi Bey, notable of Macosse (Minieh).
Sanirh : Elewah Hussein Bey, notable- of Abou Korkas.
KHED1VIAL DECORATIONS.
Lieutenant-Colonel Albert Edward Wilfred, Coont Gleichen, C.V.O., C.M.G, DJ3.0 , Extra Equerry to his Majesty, Military AttooM at Berlin, has been permitted to aocept and wear the insignia of tho Second Class of the Modji diob, confwnd upon him by the Khedive, in recognition of valuable services rendered by him to his Highness.
Major and Brevet Lieut.-CoL Lord B. H Cecil, D.S.O., Grenadier Guards, has also been permitted to accept and wear the insignia of the Second Class of the Medjidieh, conferred upon him by the Khedive for his services with the Egyptian Army.
THE PLAGUE.
“ abbassieh DtSERT oasis.” PERSONAL AND SOCIAL
MORE DETAILS.
It is stated that Prince Mohamad Aly, who i is in Paris, intends to charter a yacht and
One of the most suspicions and inoompre make a cruise to the Norwegian Fiords.
Interior, is making a tour of inspection in tho Gliarbioh province, where he is visiting the principal districts in which the oitton-wonn appeared He will return to Cairo on Friday.
Mr. <L H. West has been appointed temporary sub-inspector for cotton worm duty in tbe Behera province.
Our Minot ol Kauih Correspondent says that tho following are tbo places in tho Minot ol Kamh Marks/, in wbioh the cotton worm has appeared during the week ending last Saturday; (1) Tho teftish of Prinoe Ibrahim Ilclmy Pashk in Bidiot Amor; (2) tho tettisb of Prinoe Mo hamed Boy Ibrahim iu Telbana ; (3) Bauadf; (4) Okdeh ; (5) Karokra, and (6; Malamis.
The villagos of Minot-el-Kamh Marks/ in which tho cotton worm has appeared now number 12.
WHITE SLAVE TRAFFIC.
with Boghoe Pasha Nubar and M. Empain in regard to the "Abbassieh Desert Oasis” is that the Government does not stipulate for any share in the profits, as has been invariably the ca*e hitherto. In the case of other concessions the Government insist* on a share in the profit*, often even a half share.
Another point ia that these two gentlemen have obtained a'concession for 70 yesrs, while in the cases of Eoglish companies' oonoeasiona (such, for example, as tbe Egyptian Market*, the Helonan Railway Company, and others), tbe concession is for a much more limited period, less than half of the time given to the Abbassieh Oasis concessionaires.
A Cairo correspondent writes :—“The above remarkable transaction is causing mure than an uproar in Cairo, in view especially of the fact that only a few months bock an official notioe issued by the Government stated emphatically that no b$g area* of land wonld be disposed of in future. Directly opposed to this, however, fifteen thousand feddans, i.e., sixty-throe million square metres of land, eminently suitable for building purposes, in the immediate vicinity to the north west of the largest city in Africa, is sold forL.K 15,000—ajbig deal and oertainly the finest bargain from the purchasers' point of view ever reoorded here. The oon-oession for quick elec trio communication with tho city granted at (he same time to the two private buyers, a native Pasha and a Belgian gentleman connected with the Cairo trams, will bring this projected suburb within twenty minutes of Opera-square. For years it has been known that the gentlemon at the head of the Cairo trams could get anything from tho Government for tbe mere trouble of asking, but the present transaction really beat* anything on record.
“It will bo plain to everyone that the principal losers are first and foremost the Egyptian Government, who oould have asked and obtain ed with ease a sum of at least cue million sterling for tho land in question. The soooud to lose by thu transaction is very obviously tiro Della Light Railway, who havo just taken over at a heavy oust tho Holouan lino in spite of the opposition of tho Cairo trams. One can read Dotwoou tho lino*, howover, and sec that the latter have now attoinod something towards taking from the English oompany tho laurels so dearly bought by it, whioh are now
The Regent, Mustapha Pasha Pehmy, Abani Pasha, Minister of War, and Ermolli Bey, private secretary to the Regent, arrived at San Stefano yesterday from Cairo.
by this strategical move as good as gono
Mr. Mn. bell, Adviser to the Ministry of the : f ™*dy’ U>-p)Dew,i*ubr°^ °f T*/1
.. .............. ;_____tSJ .u- I lWooao. Tho other footers affected by tin.
Tho ramifications of this iniquitous traffic extend far and wide, as is evidenced by the fact reported iu our issue of last Saturday that a Japanese girl bad been rescued from tbo hands of thoso who would have wrought rain. This girl, an intelligent and apparently innocent young woman of 16, is now at the Rudolph Home. There being no Japan ere Consul in Alexandria, tho British Consol General, Mr. K B. Gould, I.8.O., has taken the matter in hand, and has com municateJ with the British representative in Japan with a view to the girl’s restoration her own ooontry.
We understand that measures have been taken by the recently appointed executive oommittee of tho repression society for the effective supervision of all incoming ships, and it is to be hoped that by this means a stop will be put to a scandal which has been prominently before the public of late.
ARMY OF OCCUPATION.
by far the most interesting, will scon find their positi n anything but a pleasant
'It is uot probab'o that land on . the Nile, as has been hinted, will be mush depreciated in value - the city is bound to extend over the river, and if land is now worth LB. 30 a motro near tho Credit Lyonnais, L B 45 a motro on ‘ rDpcra square, L.K 20 near the National Ink, and LK 5 or 6 a metre near Kasr-el-ft there is still arnplo room for profitable test men t at Ghetireh, Gbiteb, Embabeh, and lulac-Dacruur, especially as the Abbas bridge will very norm .pan the river. But what opinion ate we to form of tho British trusteeship of Egyptian lands 1 They have not oven too lame excuse of haviug blundered in fkvor of British investors
Another Cairo correspondent writes:—"With reference to the loading artiolo in your i.?ue of the 12th inst, regarding	the
“Abbassieh Deset t," your surmise is perfectly correct, and 1 may tell you that I am in a lition to state that tho fall in tho price of id at Abbassieh is solely due to this enormous salo of Government land to a very few people, and at a ridiculous figure. It may be of interest to your reader, to know that several largo and bon4 fide deals in land at Abbassieh have recently fallen through purely on the grounds that die large sales were whispered lound, and if some persons can purchase a few feddans at £1 a feddan, what i* the good of paying a much greater prioe per metre t Par better to wait until these speculators have brought the value of ground down to the lowest point But in the meanwhile what are tho bonft fide land-owoers going to do t Calmly sit still and make no effort with the Government to urge them to be just and true in all their dealings, or let the few favored ones bring them* to ruin t”
SWEDISH-NORWEGIAN URI8IS.
The following officers of the 2nd Royal Berkshire Regiment have been granted leave if absenoe, on private affairs . Captain R. IL Collins, D.8.O., Lieut L Marten. Lieut. L W. Bird, Lieut C. W. Hemp, 2nd Lieut M. L daughter, and 2ud-Lieut A. G. M. Sharpe.
Tbe undermentioned officers and N.C.O’s. qualified at tbe examination of the 2S0th Forty, at the School of Musketry. Hythe, •n 30th May. (Tbe numbers given represent the order of merit):—Lieut. J. G. Devenish, 2od Royal Inniskiiling Fusiliers, (71), Lieut G. M. Jennings, 2nd Royal Iru^iskilling Fusiliers, (62), Lieut. R. H. Waithman, 2ud Royal Sussex Itegt, (56), Lieut C. F. de S. Murphy, 2nd R >yal Berk*. Regt, (28), Sorgt J. Solo-mop, 2nd Royal Sussex Regt, (29). Numbers examined-Officer* 74, N.C.O’s. 124. (The above does not inelude the qualification to nstruct in the Maxim gun.)
STEAMER MOVEMENTS.
The Ellermann 3. S. “Bulgarian" sailed from Malta last night and is due here on Sunday morning, with passengers snd general cargo.
The Meaaageries Maritime* S.S. "Equatour’’ arrived at Marseilles from Alexandria yesterday morning.
at Alexandria, has beort officially tbe consulate here is to pursue its functions a* heretofore and to oompletely ignore the Norwegians’ “revolutionary decisions.''
MARIOUT LANDS.
The following official note has been issued by the Fre** Bureau :—
II r&ulte des decisions judioiaires inter-enues que des cultures dVirgo aux eaox de la pluie, sur les terrains da Mariout, ')nt qu'un caractere pn-caire et discontenu no sanraient ftre oonsiddteee oomme c«m-tuant dev acton de posseasion legale pouv&nt condnire tears auteurs k l'aoquisi-tion de la propridtd, ou memo lour donner droit d'itre rcintegtes ou maintenns dans la posseasion d'immenbles dont ils ont 4tAex-pnls^s par l'Btat propridtaire.	\
“BUILDING LANDS OF EGYPT." \
An Egyptian company, called tbe Building , Isinds of Egypt, has been formed, with a .Xppital of £150,000, divided into 87,500 shares Vif £t each, which have been folly subecribod by the promoters, as follows :—Jean Coury, 1,000 ; P4rielfei Glymenoponlo, 1,000 : Costi Pilavaehi, 1,000; Bug tine Mieli, 100 ; Richard C. Abdy, 900 ; Thd idoro Karam, 1,000; Egyptian Investment & Agency, Ld.. 39,000. There are to be. besides, 2,000 Founders' shares, whioh will be distributed among them aooording to agreement The obieota of the company are soffidently indicated by its i and need no explanation.
Mazloum Pasha, Minister of Pinanoe, ia expected at San Stefano today.
Lord Cromer’s elder son, Lord Brrington, will meet his father on the latter’s arrival in England. He arrived in London from 8t. Petersburg a few days ago.
Sir Horaoe Pinching, Director-General of the Sanitary Department, returned to Cairo on Tuesday evening from tbe Gharbieh province, where he ha* been paying visits of inspection to various localities.
Owing to the state of his health, the Grand Mufti did not embark for Europe yesterday, as he had intended. He now intends staying at Alexandria fora week or two.
The portrait of Professor Flinders Petrie by the lato Mr. Watts has been bequeathed by that painter to the British nation.
The “Morning Post” announces that Mrs. Neville Borton has arrived at Moorlands, Ascot, from Egypt.
Three and a half mouths' leave of absenoe has beeu granted to Mr. S. Mariin, director of stores, Ministry of the Interior, from tho 19th
inst
Mr. W. 8now, who ha* no ably filled the post of local manager in Cairo to Messrs. Thor. Cook A Son (Egypt), Limited, for many years, is leaving this country in the middle of next month to join the head oftioe in Lodgato hill, London, and, as already announced in these column* somo time back, will be replaced by Mr. Ashton, who came out to the Cairo office last October.
Dr. Abraham G. Nachoty has boon authoris-► 1 to practise as a physician iu Egypt
Tho staff of the Imperial ottoman Bank in Cairo will give a banquet on Saturday even ing to Mr. A. W. Goldonborg, head of tbo bill department, who is retiring from tbe bank after oight years' sorvioe, and is leaving for Europo previous to establishing himself in the Metropolis.
PASSENGER LISTS.
DSPA1TCII1.
Le paquebot "Iamailia" de la Cio Kbedivial parti* hier apri* midi poor le Pirde, Smyrna, Mdtelin, Dardanelles et Constantinople, arait k bord :
M. et Mmo K A. Beuachi, L A. Benaohi, S. Sorpi, M. A. Varouxie, ot famille, Miles Polymores, S. B. Hussein Oassif pacha et fiunillo, Rev. et Mme A. 8cbneller, 8.K Aly bey Pehmy et famille, S.E. Halil pacha Hamada, Maitre Liltikas, M.et Mme Constantin Constantinidis, et famille, Mile Olga Constantinidis, S.R Saleh bsy Kamel, Wm. Whitfield, M. et Mme A. Fonioopouio et famille, Mines Mercurian,Miles Manussos, S.K Husrein bey Husni, M. etMme
C.	Emmanuel, M. Emmanuel, M. ot Mme Ca-bacakis, et famillo, Mile Marie Gennadit, Antoine Coman os, M. et Mine N. K Grenot, Frederic Barker, F.8. Holton, 8. Pengelly, Mme Voilaa et famille, M. et Mme Geo. Pappa et famille, Mme K Badaros, Mme et Mile An-gelou, M. et Mme D. Cortesi, S. K Selim bey Rifsat, M. et Mme F. W. Cuming et famille,' Pierre P- Antonios, M. et Mme A. Aroondaris et famille, M. et Mme U. Riooi et famille, Mile E. Allen, S. K Mustapha bey Hnsvein, 8. K Halil boy Hamdyet famille, Haasan bey Damir, Abbas Damir, Dick Vedova, P. Cszxicapidis,
D.	Douras, Costis Maoris, Osman L>utfi,Basile G. Stoma Uadis, Miltiades Comanoi, Jifme Werkmeikter, S. E. Mobarrem bey, Dr. N. Percival, C. 8. Demetracopoolo, Geo. Arghiris, Arnado Panoera, M. et Mme Elie Outturn et famille, A. Dodeyan, MmeSmith. Andrew Brown, Rev. Archeveqae Dieodinos, Geo. Geronasis, S.K Ahmed boy Krfan, Ismail effendi Pikhry, N. Tsounis, M. et Mme Dimitri Galato*, W.8. Arghiris, M. et Mme S. Alfieria et' famille, Mile Louvanis, 8.K Mohamed bey Mah/vr et famille, M. et Mme Panayotti A. Rombotti et famille, Archimandrite Cleopaa, Christo Ator-zis, Naery Abonasan, Juloa Albina, M. Yihva N. Roubinofl, M. et Mme Lewis Berger et famille, M. et Mme El Said Mahmoud, S. Alivitato, G. Livierato, Mohamed Sidki, Edward J. Taylor, Ibrahim Zelri, Mme 8. Ventura et famille Samr Marie, Rasdil, etGeloua Hanem, Mme Catherine Pizzachi, Mme S. Stamps*, Mile Sophie Koffmar, Mmea G. Pappadimaa, Sfezxvpoulo et fils, N. Rakagnilled, Adolf Braggiotti et 239 pas-sagors de pont
Anglo-American Nile Steamer.
SPORT AND PLAY.
KHEDIVIAL YACHT CLUB. REGATTA.
The following is the result of yesterday's regatta :—
Boat	Start. Finish., Sailed by
1	Sane-Pareille8.47.i9 5.31.58 R. L Delaqni*
2	Leman 8.42.22 5.39 16 Mr. de Plante
3	Banshee	3.46.09	6.42.24	T. McClure
Jenny	8.33.13	6.46.54	S. Dotting
Celtic	8.85.16	6.68.80	Cept. Evans
Tier el Mina 8.86.16	6.66.40	„ Borg
Minnie	8.30.16 6.66.64	N.W.deCourty
Coot	3.35.15	6.67.17	Mr. Blagden
Agamy	8.48.85	gaveup	„ RaTelli
The Agamy was disqualified for foaling the
mark buoy.	v
St George	4.04.10) 6.44.00	Major Peetham
1 Calypso	4.10.25' 5.45.66	0. Werner
3.59.2? 6.48.08 Lieut Baseett 4.02.5? 5.48.80 A. Grafton 4.04.28 5.48.45 Mr. Macauley 3.59.58 5.49.40 J. Bally 3 55.28 5 50.39 D. K. Reid 3.50.26 5.52.82 Grafton Bey 8.56.40 5.54.65 8agh. Phillip* ts light from the N. and N.N.B., it not being at all steady but veering about daring the afternoon. The Sans-Pareille, in Class I., ofoourso came in a long way ahead again, as she is sure to do on this handicap if well handled. In Class IL a very good raee was again witnessed all the way round, the first seven boats crossing the linewithin 6 j minutes. Unfortunately, the St. George was disqualified in awordanoe with Racing Rale 6, through having made an alteration in her sail* and eot having been remeasured for the same.
POLO.
Owing to the raoos this afternoon polo will be played tomorrow afternoon at 4.50, on the A-8.C. grounds.
A. 8. C.
2	Shamrock
3	Masr Gumrook Tanteh Cattelaya Jessica Ababa The wind w
LAWN TBNN1S HANDICAP TOURNAMENT.
Mixed doubles to be played off before 91st inst Mr. Harvey and Uapt Moore 415 play Mis* R Allen and Oapt. Harvey +15. Miss H. Pitner and R. Baa*ct —4 15 play H. B. Carver and Mu* G. Carver — J 80.
Gentlemen'* Single*. 1st and 2nd round to bo played off before 28nd tort. Millar scratch bys Blythman 16 bye Chevalier —J 16 bye Percival—15 bye H. B. Oarm—15 bye Major Gamble—15 bye Ouarino—j 80 plays Byrne—i 15 C. Birch + 15 plays Alderson+15 N. Haselden — fl6 bye Finney —15 byo Morne soratoh bye Tamvaoo + Jl5 bye Cept. Harvey +|30 bye M. Penderl —J 15 bye Wyart +J 15 bye.
Gentlemen’s Doublee. Major Gamble and Percival -*30 bye, Basset and Oapt. Moore scratch bye, Guarino and Bally — * 80 bye Penderl and Salome scratch play Haselden and Foster—*15 Tamvaoo and Salomo scratch byo Wyart aud Crawley +15 bye Alderson and Birch +15 bye Carver and Finney —* 80 bye. 1st and 2nd rounds to bfc played off before 22nd inst
THE COTTON MARKET-
Kka&hley asdCunmnoium’* Weekly Report.
Liverpool, Jooe 8.
In Egyptian Cotton only a moderate business has been done, and quotations are generally rednoed A d. @ * d. per lb.
Egyptian Futures have boon idle all tbe week and prioos show a decline of ISpointe for June and 15 pointe for other position*. Tbe following are the latest quotations, viz;—
June 6.40 Aog. 6.42 Oct 6.37
July 6.44 8ep. 6.89 Nov. 6.84 Dec. 6.30
America* Future*.—The market this week has been decidedly less active and prioes have experienced a sharp decline, amounting to 15 @17 pointe fjmm thoso of last Thursday. Near month* have noen pressed for sale and show tho Urgent deoline. The sharp fall in prices is chiefly due to improved weather reports and to the Bureau report being better than expected, both as regards the decrease in acreage and also in the estimated condition of the orop. Should tbe weather remain favorable through* oat the month of Jane, we should expect the Crop to rooover much of its present lateness and also to make good muoh of the reoent unfavorable condition. The price of 4*d. per lb., seems for the moment to fairly represent the situation, and the only opinion we can form, in a market whioh is so dependent upon daily Crop report*, is that we are not likely to have any important movement in prices but may expect frequent fluctuations.
The Utcst quotations are Delivery.—
June 4.48 Sep./0ct 4.48 Jan./Feb. 4.50 June/July 4.48 Oot/Nov. 4.48 Feb./Mar. 4.51 July/Aug. 4.48 Nov./Dea 4.48 Mar./Apl. 4.52 Aug./Sep. 4.48 Dea/Jan. 4.49 Apr /May 4.58
CARLTON HOTEL
Bulks ley, Ramleh.
BECK A CO’S PILSEWER BEER
niw