THE EGYPTIAN GAZETTE, TUESDAY, JUNE 13, 1905.
3
PEACE NEGOTIATIONS.
BELLIGERENT'S REPLIES.
RUSSIAS' ATTITUDE.
London, June 12.
Reuter's Agency learns from Tokio that Baron Komura, Minister for Foreign Affairs,
has sent Mr. Lloyd Griscom, United States Minister, his reply to President Roosevelt s proposal. The note says that, desiring the establishment of peace under conditions which will fully guarantee its stability, Japan will send her plempoteniarties, at the time and to the place that shall be established by the two parties to negotiate and establish the conditions of peace.
This shows that Japan's conception of the conception of the object of the proposed meeting in nonwise coincides with the view of the Russian Foreign Office, of which the restrictions cause some misgivings in diplocmatic circles at St. Petersburg, where it is felt that if the present Russian attitude be maintained, the present movement will lead to nothing. Others regard this attitude as a natural endeavour to avoid the impression that Russia is determined beforehand  upon accepting the Japanese terms. Thee Russian replay is anxiously awaited. (Reuter.)
Washington, June 12.
After a conference with President Roosevelt, the Acting Secretary of State, Mr. Taft, announced that in view of the situation disclosed by official advices received, the publication off replies is withheld as the President wishes first to transmit them formally to St. Petersburg and Tokio respectively. This conclusion of the preliminary negotiations will practically finish the work of America. It is expected that Russia and Japan will then arrange an armistice, followed by a meeting of representatives at a place suggested by Japan, whereat the terms of the latter may be stated and transmitted direct to the Tsar.  these terms are acceptable to him there will to him there will be a meeting of plenipotentiaries, probably at Washington, to arrange the treaty.
Count Cassini has informed President Roosevelt of Russia’s acceptance of bis proposition and added that plenipotentiaries will be ap-pointed to discuss the question of peace
Mr. Meyer’s telegram on Saturday merely forecasted the reply, and apparently the sub sequent exchange of communications with St Petersburg has modified the Russian attitude.
(Reuter.)
St. Petersburg, June 12.
The Russian reply was handed to Mr. Meyer, the United States Ambassador, this afternoon.	(Reuter.,)
St. Petersburg, June 12. Russia's reply to President Roosevelt’s .proposal has been handed to the American Ambassador.	(Havas)
MANCHURIA.
RUSSIANS DISLODGED FROM POSITIONS.
London, June 12.
Renter's Agency learns from Tokio that on the 9th inst. the Japanese dislodged tho Russian from a series of positions to the north of
Chang - ton-ton	(Reuter.)
GERMANY AND MOROCCO. IMPENDING SERIOUS CRISIS.
London, June 12.
Renter’s Agency learns from Per. that Germany has already received certain minor commercial concessions it is feared that any modifications of the status-quo by granting further concessions may lead to a serious crisis.	(Reuter.)
Tangier, June 12.
It is stated on good authority that Count Tattenbach has informed the Sultan that be ins tio cause to fear Franco aa Germany is ready to uphold him, and has reminded hiir •lit. though the Moorish frontier is contiguous ! tie Algerian, the French anil Gerrnnt ft ' tiers are likewise contiguous. This ha* pr d iced o great impression.	(Reuter
SUNKEN SUBMARINE RAISED.
London, June 12. The sunken submarine A 8 has been raised
(Renter
THE KHEDIVE AT PARIS.
Paris, June 12. '11.H. the Khedive has arrived. (Harm
BATHS OF YVERDON.
SWITZERLAND.
V'tvi n'ptmrou 'Kttrr containing Sodium. Trtatmrnt f. r HUcmaiua. Goa, Karma and tba Throat, etc- M.mura «m) Mmmum. trm Ata-laa-Iiataa. Gnat Comfort.- Splandld Park. -lowena.-t Sthetln, PmUatant, and Ingllah C hnreh.
D <«or Wiltm Bnoatnr	Tha Dtraaioo.
LOCAL AND GENERAL
The Plaouk.—Yesterday’s bulletin records a- fresh case and a death in hospital at Damaubour.
A Grand Bali, will be givon at tho San Stefano Casino on Saturday next for the members of the club.
f Stray asd Ownerless Doos found at Helouan tomorrow night and at daylight on Thursday will be poisoned by the police.
Epidemics.—A typhus epidemic has broken nutatNagah, in the Manfalout district, and a small-pox epidemic at Kachtamna, in El-Derr
district
P.W.D.—The Public Works Department has just issued.a list of tho maps, plans, and publications published by the Department up to 31st December, 1904.
\ ---------------
Reunion des Famillek —The society’s first open, air ball will take place on Saturday next at the new Crown CasiLO, Ibrahimieb. Dancing will commence at 9.30 p.m.
The British Agency.—The summer quarters of tho British Agency at Alexandria will be at Maison Chataway, Bulkoley, where Mr. M. de C. Findlay, tho Charge d’Affaires, has taken up his residence.
Smuggling Arms.—A nativeof Medina, who arrived by the Greek steamer from Malta on 3unday, was arrested with four revolvers and a quantity of cartridges as ho was passing in by the tJtish gate.
Provincial Councils. — The provincial jouncils of Beni Suuef an 1 Minieh are to be invoked for July 2 and 3 next, for tho purpose of deciding on the making of certain agricultural roads in these two provinoes.
Suez Canal.—12 vessels passed through tho canal on the 9th insL,. 7 of which were British, 1 French, 3 Gorman, 1 Dutch. The day’s receipts were frs. 401,358.97, making the total from the 1st inst fra. 2,552,845.39.
Suicide and Drink. — A native of the Minet el Bassal quarter of Alexandria attempted to commit suicide by plunging a knife into bis stomach while in a state of intoxication. He was removed .to hospital in a pitiable condition.
Fatal Tram Accident.—A native woman cf CO n.jfc-bcr death yesterday while monnt-iug a tramcar in motion in the Libbano quarter. She lost her footing and fell under the wheels of the car, with tho result that the expired on being removed to hospital.
Mr. Manley's Mission.—“La Rdforme,” in announcing the departure of Lloyd's and Renter’s Agent at Alexandria, says that Mr. Manley baa gone to England to conclude the negotiations with Lloyd’s for the purchase ol “one of the largest landed estates in Egypt”
San Stefano Club.—We are asked to state that as entrance to tho saloons of the San Stefano Club is exclusively reserved to members, persons wishing to frequent them must pay the extra subscription of £.T. 100 over and above the subscription to the Casino.
Egyptian Estates.- 2,400 feddans of excellent land in the Mansoui&h district has been purchased by tho Egyptian Estates, Limited, at the price of L E. 20 per foddan. The bargain is considered locally to be excellent for the company, as the land is capable of enormous development
New Bridges.—The Public Works Ministry has decided to build three bridges on the Ibrahimieb Canal, at Manfaloot, Beni Kora, and Nszxli Saoub. The cost estimated at LE. 24,000, will be borne by the inhabitants of the canal bank, who will repay it by several instalments. .
British Recreation Club —Wo have been requested to mention that a general meetiug of the mombers of the British Recreation Club will be held on Friday afternoon next at 5 30 o'clock. Tho meeting is called U discuss important matters in connection with the approaching transfer of the club premises from the Abbas Boulevard to the plot of ground recently ceded by the Government in Boulac road.
Prosperous Company.—We notice that the famous boiler makers, Messrs. Babcock and Wilcox, Ltd., whoso Egyptian brunch is the British Engineering Company of Egypt, Ltd . are about to make a distribution ont of their reserve fund at the rate of 10». per share oi the ordinary shares (£1), after having paid s dividend for the year 1904 of 20%. ThB speaks well for their boiler, this firm now being the largest boiler manufacturers in the world.
ABBASSIKH DESERT OASIS.
PUBLIC OPINION ON DEAL.
The transaction in regard to the “Oasis of tlie Desert of Abbassieh” has caused consider able discussion in Cairo and throughout Egypt Aa a sample of intelligent pnblio opinion we note the following letter from a correspondent, whose experience and knowledge of (be country eminently qualify him to form.an unbiassed opinion of the matter:—
"You have doce woll to call.attention to this sale of 30 sqoare miles of buildiug lands at tho illusory consideration of £1 per feddan, and your readers frill await with impatience the cxph'iirt’on which yon invite Government to\make. It may be neither jobbery, robbery, snobbery, nor bobbery, but it oertainly is not a commercial deal based on common-sense principles. Can it he oontended that a higher prioe could not have been obtained or that these purchasers or others would not have aooepted a smaller area, or agreed that Governneht should retain alternate blocks in half square' mites. Government have not acted in good faith towards people who. have purchased villa sites at Matarieh, Gheziroh, and Helonan and paid high rates for these lands. Tbe owners of these houses may write down tho vaine of the properties by £500 to£1,000. This is certainly tauo view to take of the situation, unless the Abbaraieb purchasers propose to maintain values by rebelling at £1,000 per feddan tbe land they have purchased for £1 per feddan. Tlrs is not helping the underpaid and strog-j higher officials whose position has been recently explained in compassionate terms. What about owners of land all round Cairo l Ry a stroke of the pen their properties are depreciated to an extent difficult to calculate. Tbe proprietors of Rh.da Uand and tho recently unbauked land along tho Ghizeh road shonld reduce their value £1 per metre. This may be all very well, but if such ruthless strangling of speculators’ hopes wis necessary . it might havo been done by Government putting the Abbassieh land up for sale in small lots to suit tbe individual, instead of handing over a gigantic tract of land to two gentlemen who are under no restriction whatever as to price of resale. Their limit is jnst what is needed to undersell other people. W£en toe contemplated company comes out the prospectus will be very in'eresting reading."
THE KHEDIVE.
The Khodive arrived at Paris yesterday, on his way to Lcndon. His Highness will travel down to Windsor on tho morning of toe Royal wedding aud will return to London in the afterucon. It is expected that his Highness will prolong his visit to England over Ascot week, and that he will go down there on Cap day, and possibly on the Tuesday as
ell.-
The Khedive is to be among toe gnesta at the garden party which their Majesties intend to give at Windsor Cattle tomorrow (Wednesday).
Tho Khedive has bestowed the fallowing ranks aud decorations :—
i/irmiran : Emia El Chamsi Pasha, notable of Zagazig.
Sanitk : Sayod Mobamed Khachaba Boy, notable of Aasiont, Homed Osman El Hitali Bey, notable of Assiout, Mobamed Koutb Kourachi Bey, notable of Deyrout, El Sayed Mohamed El Hefni El Tarzi Boy. notable of Manfalout, Soliman Mohamed El Hout Bey, notable of Charkieh, Habib Zein Bey, advocate of Tantah, Nasr Abdel Bey, notable of Ga-liotibieh.
Salissah, with the title of Bey: Hussein Abd el Hak Bey, notable of Charkieh.
Oimanieh, officer (4th class): Abd El Messih Moussa Bey, notable of Zagazig.
PERSONAL AND SOCIAL.
The Regent and the Ministers come down to Alexandria from Cairo for the summer tomorrow.
Dr. Rncker-Jenisch, German Diplomatic Agent and Consul-General, came clown from Cairo to San Stefano yesterday for a week’s 3{ay.
Mr. Mitchell Iqnes is expected to ahjivo in Egypt from Europe on the 28th of this udpnth.
Judge and Mrs. Marshall are leaving Cairo on Saturday for tho Engadine.
Dr. Wild, medical officer of the Cairo Deafnesses’ Hospital, is proceeding to Europe ibout the end of this month. DnriDg Dr. Wild's absence his duties will be performed by Dr. Albert Hegi. Dr. Wild has been oonnectcd with the above hospital sinoe its foundation in 18&4.
Mr. Edward Poliak, the popular secretary of the Anstro-Hnngarian Chamber of Commerce, has been decorated by H. I. and R. Ml the Emperor King of Austria-Hungary with the Order of Francois Joseph. \
Mi Fred. Dt ild has contributed one guinea t o tM funds of the Maltese Benevolent Society I n mtjnr.ry of the late B. C. Manuk.
Dr*. Werner A. von Raven snd Abdel Rahman Amr have been authorised to practise in B$ypt
BIG FIRE IN CAIRO
SIX FEDDANS IN FLAMES.
The Darb el Ahmar district situated between the Mousky and the Gouvernorat was,yesterday afternoon, toe scene of one of the largest fires which have occurred of reoent years in Cairo.
A large Dative printing establishment and an adjacei-t joiner’s shop formed the nucleus of the fire, and from these the flames, as they roared through the roof, were carried by the khamsin wind which prevailed, to the tops of a large number of housos round about, an area of some six feddans being at’ one time covered by toe flames.
Tbe fire was first noticed at about 4 p.m. and at five minutes past four the Fire Brigade received, the alarm. In leas than 20 minntes thrcifengines had arrived at the scene of the conflagration and were promptly pot in action. The quarter where the fire took place is one of the most congested areas of Cairo, the ts^,which are numerous, being barely s yards wide, and as the flames leapt from roof to roof it appeared at one time as if the whole district would -be involved. Capt. B|ake, however, and his gallaut band of firemen oombatod the conflagration in deadly earnest, and the valour with which these men performed their perilous work is worthy of all praise.
In an hour’s time the fire began to give away to the efforts that were being made to quench iVand little by little the flames decreased until by seven o’clock, save for an occasional angry tongue of fire which broke forth, there remained bnt the smouldering embers, on to which was poured a continual stream of water.
It speaks a great deal for the work for the Fire Brigade that only the printing office and joiner’s shop, which cover an area of about ouo feddan, were gutted, but many houses all aronnd were badly damaged, though mainly the roofs only were destroyed. A house stocked with a large quantity of Manchest ir goods was saved. By half-past seven the fire was completely mastered, and all danger of its breaking out again was over, but one of the engines was kept at work throughout the night as the smouldering continued for many hoars.
Happily.no lives were lost, but a sergeant of the Fire Brigado and one of the firemen were badly hart while palling down a portion of a house, a beam falling on them and damaging their heads and shoulders.
The approaches to the fire were kept clear by a largo posse of police and the guards company, which was called ont to their assistance.
The damage done has not yet been estimated, bnt we are doubtful if it can be less than £3,500, and we understand that bnt little of the property was insured.
"PASSENGER LANDING AT PORT SAID.
The innovation introduced last November by the Suez Canal Company in the landing of passengers from steamers arriving at that port from Europe during the busy tourist season by a steam tender, has, we learn, met with much success and been a great boon. The company initiated the service in oonsequenee of strong representations that had been made not only to the Direction in Paris but abo to the British Agency at Cairo, on behalf of the leading steamship lines that land and embark passengers at Port Said, and on the representations of the passengers themselves, who complained incessantly of the rapacity and incivility of the boatmen, dragomans, and touts, who succeeded between them in making the landing or embarking at tbe above port both a nuisance and a danger, especially at night All this has now been obviated by tho new arrangements. The cost of the servioe introduced by the company, which has resulted in a great blessing to tbe travelling public, was estimated at 20,000 francs for the first year and tbe revenue at 8,000 francs, so that the Suez Canal Company are a loser in one way but a gTeat gainer in another, viz., giving greater facilities to passengors and so encouraging them to use Port 8aid instead of Alexandria as their port ot embarkation and disembarkation
LIGHTING AT DAMANHOUR.
The Superior Municipal Commission has accepted the tender of Messrs. Mamfield & Son, Ltd., of Liverpool and Cairo, for tho supply of tbo necessary plant and machinery for the lighting by gas of the town of Daman-hour. The price is £5,000 and the contract was signed on Friday at the Ministry of the Interior in Cairo. The work of installation of the 130 street lamps will lie completed by November.
The same firm has also obtained the contract for tho lighting by gks of the Damanhour station of the Delta Light Railways.
A. 8. C.
The following is the band programme for Thursday’s racing :—
1	March—Pcmp and Circumstance No. 1—
[Elgar
2	Overture—Giovanna D’Aroo—Verdi
3	Serenade—D’Amour—Von Blow
4	Selection—A Greek Slave—Jones
5	Cornet Dnet-The Friendly Rivals—
[Godfrey
6	Vslse—Sonviens Toi—Waldtenfel
7	Song- The Lost Chord—Sullivan
8	Fantasia—Swedish Melodies—Dunkler
9	Intermezzo—Irene—Vandervell
10	8wedish Wedding March—Soderman Khedivial Anthem God Save the King
8. Dork, Bandmaster, 2ndR. Berks Regiment
BANKING DEVELOPMENTS.
COMPTOIR NATIONAL D B8COMPTE
The Comptoir National d'Escompte of Paris will havo its headquarters in Egypt completely ready by September next The Palazzo An-toniadis in Cherif Pasha-street is being rapidly transformed into a fine banking establishment, and by next month tbe bank will ojien provisionally and will bo able to transact all ordinary banking business on the first floor. Nearly all toe staff have arrived, but a few more are expected to make up the bank’s oomplen ent of employes. The bank is building on the site of the garden of the palazzo a fine ball for the public, under which there will be a number of strong-rooms.
NBW GREEK BANK. _
Ihe newly-founded Greek-German banking establishment, the National Bank, has taken commodious offices close to the Imperial Ottoman Bank at Alexandria. Branch^ of the bank will be established at Cairo amr in the chief provincial towns. The bank will be run entirely aa a Greek institution and will be nnder the Greek flag and Greek laws.
THEWFIKIEH COMPANY.
We are informed that besides the civil action that is being brought before the Mixed Tribunal in Cairo by some of the former shareholders ot this unfortunate native concern, criminal proceedings will also be instituted against the late board of directors for wilful misrepresentations* and the disregard of some of the clauaas of the Khedivial decree authorising the formation of the Thewfikieh Nile Navigation Company. Since the meeting called by the liquidators on the 10th October of last ye»r nothing whatever has been done by tbo two native gentlemen named for the purpose to liquidate the affaire of the defunct concern and pay tbo numerous creditors who are clamouring for settlement of their claims. Quite recently a retired native judge was entrusted with the work left undone by Kamel Bey Teymour and Ahmed Bey El Colonssi, the official liquidators, bat matters do not seem to have progressed since the new arrangement, and affairs are still at a complete standstill.
THE NATIONAL HOTEL.
The above new hotel in Cairo is rapidly approaching completion, and the manager, Mr. Bauer,so favorably known at the Hotel Bristol, will open it on the 1st November. It will be one of the finest and largest in the Metropolis, and the building will vie with most of those in the Istnailieh quarter, where it is situated, in the Sharia Soliman Pasha. The hotel stands in its own grounds of about 4,000 square metres and will have a garden and tennis-ground at the back. It has over 350 rooms, including 5 saloons, and a magnificent “salle i manger,” ar well as a large covered promenade verandah situated on the boulevard.
No expense has been spared in tho furnishing of this palatial hostelry, and all the farniture is boing sopplied by a leading London firm. Everything, in fact, will be thoroughly up todato and the whole building will be lighted throughout by electricity, with lifts to all the floors.
CAB TARIFFS.
The Alexandria City Police authorities have received 8f 0 cab tarifi plaques from the manufacturers and have placed them in tho various cabs plying for hire. A further consignment it expected early this week.
In reference to some comments on tbe subject which appeared in Friday’s “Reforme,” we may point out that if diflerences arise as to the hour at which a man took a cab, it is certainly not an Egyptian policeman who can settle the difference, especially where one of tho disputants is a European, who never misses a chanoe of insulting a native policeman, ard who certainly wonld not accept a verdict unfavorable to himselt. We are afraid our police are not sufficiently advanced to act os arbitrators, and the Europeans of this town are the lost people in the world to accept them as such.
STEAMER MOVEMENTS.
The Moss liner “Seti" sailed from Liverpool on Sunday morning and is due here about 25th inst, with passengers, mails, and general cargo.
TbePapayanni S.S. “Sardinia” left Algiers yesterday morning and is expected to arrive on tho i8th inst with mails aud passengers.
CARLTON HOTEL
Bulkeley, Kami eh.
T.n minute* Item Al*x»»dr4a. Etnrt-Ctom la mrj rmprrt V«ry mcdmU cbnTrm. Bulk.1.7 U th. Chtoaubl.
Utmrur. VWtora Crum Cairo	M SMI Ostmr Matlao.
MUU4MII	O. AQU1L1NA. Ewfrtito.
Anglo-American Nile Steamer,
Sc hotel cqmfawy.
RIVER TRII8P0RT OF Ot-008 BEIWFEI SliMIDRU l UUR0 Three Sailings e-Week. igVHU at Alexandria .-—
jLixtitvD tmr* wmvcriF co. ti
BECK & CO’S PILSENER BEER
OMeleehle Trees e
f. MCA Li If Bols A«eeL
NOTES FROM PORT SAID.
YESTERDAY’S RIOT.
(Prom oub Corrkbpondeht).
Port-8aid, Monday.
With reference to my telegram of this morning, it appears that in tbe disturbance which the arrests brought about, some 50 Arab boatmen and a dozen men of the water police were engaged. The trouble originated in the harbonr aa the police were attempting arrests. At once a number of boats came to toe assistance of their comrade who had been arrested. A free fight ensued with oars, pieces of w„od, and coal, many of the police being injured. One officer, after having been mnch mauled, drew his revolver and shot at his assailants.
The result of toe affair. was that 18 arrests were made, and six men wore sent to hospital. Tbe fighting restarted in Arab-town some two hours after, in which the town police were engaged. All was quiet by eleven o'clock, after one or two more arrests had been made. The affair has caused quite a stir here, particularly amongst the natives.
LORD CROMER’S DEPARTURE.
Lord and Lady Cromer are to leave to-day by tbe Bibby Line 8.S. “Lancashire.” They arrived from Cairo by the express and were met by the local officials, a guard of honor being present. At 4 p.m. they embarked in the Canal Company’s 8.8. "Ibis," which conveyed them to the “Lancashire.”
DESPERATE SOLDIERS.
The Austrian Lloyd S.S. "Imperator,” which has just arrived from the canal, and which is bringing a further detachment of the 8yrian Turkish soldiers from Aden, reports that several of the soldiers at different points in the canal jumped overboard and escaped. Aocording to the statements of tho ship’s-ofti-cers, the poor wretches have led the most miserable of existences in Yemen, and they probably escaped to avoid,ja. did their predecessor a week ago, further miseries in toe military service of toe Snltan. Those still on board tbe vessel are half clad, thin, dirty, and in a most unhealthy condition.
PIGMIES AT'THE HIPPODROME.
A stranger performance than that of tbe dwarf natives from the Congo forests who hiade their first appearance at the Hippodrome last night, hss seldom keen seen at a place of entertainment says the “Times” ot last Toesday. Tho point of it is that there is no performance at all, or, rather, that no one can tell whether there will be a performance or not *nd if there is one what it will be. These "children of nature”—that is the correct phrase, isn’t it 1—do not understand the word “performance,” — which implies something r studied, prepared, and arianged. They have never studied, prepared, or arranged anything; they do what they feel inolined to do, and if they feel inclined to do nothing they just do it. This is very interesting and a piquant change from the stereotyped programme. It tickles the jaded palate—correct phrase again — of the sightseer with expectancy and the unlimited possibilities of the unknown. Will the pigmies do anything or not, and, if they do auything, what will it be ? Last night they did very little, and just when they were getting into their stride they stopped abruptly for the strangest reason ; some foolish person began to appland, and there was nothing more to be done with them. Performers who stop at the first sound of applause are truly a novelty and worth seeing.
Some dozen pigmy tribes or more have been named, bat these are tbe first that have been induced to leave their country sinoe they graced the triumph of a Roman conqueror. Then they probably left it by force; these have oome of their own free will, ■though CoL Harrison seems to have had some trouble in persuading them. Bnt there is no doabt about their oomp'ete satisfaction with theexperiment. Humanitarian fears on their oooount die at the sight of them. They are sleek and oomfort-able, self-possessed, obviously at their ease, and on excellent, terms with the gentleman who presents them to the audience, ond/fries, very gently, to coax them into obliging tbe company with a little song ortknei, or, at least, a sentiment. If they fail to cotnpty it is not from any want of goodwill—the taco of the chief Bokane shines with goodwill — or of intelligence or from shyness, but simply from a total inability to comprehend such an extremely foolish proceeding as doing a thing fi)T no particular reason when you do not feel inclined. The Polar bears, who oonclude the programme, are sophisticated, one might say fashionable, compared with these nice, natural little human beings. A striking thing aboat them is the great difference in height, which makes nemo, though fully grown, look like children beside the others. The tallest seem to be about 5ft. high, the shortest not much more than 3ft. They are of a copper ooloar by artificial light, have very close, early hair, and wear nothing bnt a loin cloth and a girdle of leaves ; the two ladies cany it from the shoulder, which alone roems to distinguish their sex, except that tbe chief has some hair on his chin. Most of them are fat and woll-lilring, bat Amnriape, an elderly lady of 81 (say, 65 or 70X »» excessively thin. She recalls the “hag ot hideous aspect" who plays such a prominent part in the adventures of the “Arabian Nights.” Not the least remarkable thing abont these excessively ocrions little people is that they took not tbe slightest notice of tho audienoe, snd never even looked ■ at them until that foolish person thought fit , to olsp just when they were beginning to sing and danoe.